[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Good morning.
How's everyone feeling?
[APPLAUSE]
I appreciate you all
being here this early.
When you get up this
early in the morning,
you get your coffee cup out.
You say, make it a Blackpool.
So--
[LAUGHTER]
But today, we have a
very interesting subject
to discuss with all of
you, The Gods of Babylon
and the Return of Ningishzida.
And I know you're all probably
thinking, well, who's that?
We're going to get
into that today.
But I always enjoy
coming here to the UK.
I love it.
And especially when I
come out here to Zohar
and I work with them, Steve
Mera's always so friendly.
Just as they show attention
to detail with all of you here
at this wonderful conference,
he knows that I always loved
the cheese and onion sandwiches
from Marks & Spencer's.
So [LAUGHS] there's
always a fridge
filled with those sandwiches.
So when they were first
announcing this conference,
he said, Jonny, if you
come, I'm going to give you
a cheese and onion sandwich.
And I said, Steve, what
do you think I'm worth?
I said, come on, man.
I said, make it a meal deal.
Throw in a pack of
crisps and a Lucozade
and you've got yourself a deal.
It's a true story.
But anyhow, I'm Jonny Enoch.
I've got this
funny-sounding name.
And no, there's no relation
to the guy in the Bible.
But I have been trying to call
the publishers for some sort
of kickbacks and rights
into straight 25 CE,
and they're not picking up
the phone, so it's not good.
But I got interested
in this subject much
like all of you that are
sitting in these seats or those
watching at home on the
other side of the screen.
When I was at a
very young age, I
was having these
incredible experiences
that maybe some of you can
relate to where sometimes I'd
be floating above my bed,
looking down at myself.
And at other times,
I'd be thrust up
to these multicolored,
hollow fractal energies
in the universe looking
down at the Earth,
and I was trying to get answers.
Maybe that's
something that you've
had happen to you before.
And when you start
asking questions,
no one seems to know
what really is going on.
And you try to get
answers everywhere,
but you have to go
out on your own.
And it's a lifelong passion.
It's a lifelong quest
to look at these things.
But we have to go deeper if we
want to look at the mysteries.
When we go back to Allen
Ginsberg, the poet,
he said, "angelheaded
hipsters burning
for the ancient
heavenly connection
to the starry dynamo in the
machinery of the night."
Well, when we look up at the
night sky, what do we wonder?
We wonder where we come from.
Each one of you here, you all
have a piece of the puzzle.
You all wonder about
where you come from.
You all have an amnesia.
But we can solve these
mysteries together.
Point in fact, when we
wonder about the universe,
the macrocosm of the universe
is under your nose right now.
You are the center
of the universe.
You existed before all of this.
And we start to learn when
looking at these mysteries
that our whole universe
is a digestive system.
It works on causal
mechanics or a peristasis.
And what does that mean?
That means that there's all
sorts of oscillating thoughts
and that your reality is
happening through you and not
to you.
And this is one of
the most magnificent
of secrets you begin to learn.
In fact, now when we
look at our universe,
our scientists
are saying there's
more than 40,000 alien
civilizations in our galaxy
that they believe.
Well, that's a very
interesting number.
That's what the diary of
astrophysics is starting to say
and starting to publish.
It gets us wondering,
all the incredible stuff
that Steve Mera's talking about,
all these UAPs, Luis Elizondos.
Everybody's scratching
their head, saying,
what are we looking at when
we look up at the night sky?
But this idea of space and where
we're going, you might say it's
a great part of our destiny.
What a really incredible
thing to think about,
that there are more
planets in our galaxy
than there are grains of sand
on all of our beaches on Earth.
And if you go 10,000 light
years in any direction away
from here, you know what?
You're going to find over
20 million solar systems
capable of harboring life.
It's a rather astounding
thought, isn't it?
You know, we're located in
the back area, the outback.
We're kind of like the
Blackpool of the universe.
[LAUGHTER]
We're out in the middle
of nowhere, really.
It's kind of neat.
Many people-- few people are
aware of the stuff that's
kicking around our universe.
It's very strange.
What if I were to
tell you that there
was a crashed craft on Mercury
that you didn't know about?
Ruins all over our
moons, solar systems,
25-foot whale-like
creatures swimming
on the outside of the
watery surface of Europa.
What if I were to tell you
that we have settlements
in our asteroid belts?
Here's another
strange one for you.
I don't want you to
think about this,
what I'm going to tell
you today, because it's
going to sound very strange.
What if I were to tell you
right now that there are folks
on this planet,
very wealthy folks,
that have food on their dinner
table that's not grown here?
What if I were to tell you that
there's private contracting
companies that
Elon Musk only has
a peripheral understanding of
that are mining out in space
as well as agricultural
experiments with food that
tastes a hell of a lot
better than the stuff that's
grown here, and that
it's brought to Earth
in certain cargo places?
Have any of you ever
heard of Diego Garcia?
All right.
This is in the Indian Ocean,
right outside of Mauritius.
What if I were to tell
you that maybe there's
these caisson stones
sort of areas that
form an underwater tunnel
system and transportation
system leading off
into Australia where
the cargo from up
there goes outwards?
And there's other
places like that
in the Atlantic, other places
like that in the Pacific.
And that's not
even the end of it.
It's much further and
stranger and deeper than that.
So when we look
at the Earth here,
all the good stuff starts
about 10 light years from here.
And if you start going out
about five, 10 light years--
let's say Alpha Centauri,
let's say Sirius--
and we go even
further than that, you
go 50 to 100 light
years away from there,
it starts to get pretty busy.
And then you go 1,000
light years out of here,
it's extremely busy.
It's extraordinarily developed.
And this is according
to some of my sources
in the unacknowledged or
special access programs.
They're absolutely
sure of it, that we're
involved in these things.
But you know, when
we think about all
these ancient visitors, we
start to wonder about places,
about who's been in here and
who's been here in our past.
This is me overly
enthusiastically
standing in front of the
Assyrian reliefs of those men
with bags at the British Museum.
And we get to wondering when
we look at these ancient kings,
who was helping them?
Where were they
interfacing with?
But before we can
ask that question,
we have to look at the
kings in our modern time.
[LAUGHTER]
Didn't think I was going
to take it there, did you?
This is the King of Rock.
This is Elvis Presley.
And I'm not going to do an
Elvis impersonation because I'll
leave that to George Noory.
He's an incredible Elvis
singer if you've ever
been to his shows.
That man loves
singing Elvis songs.
So many of you
may not know this,
but when Elvis
Presley was growing up
he had this blue light
coming over his house.
He had a stillborn brother.
He had these beams
of light showing up.
And in fact, Vernon, his dad,
and others had witnessed this.
And all through his life
he was absolutely obsessed
with the color blue.
He even said prayers
with the blue light,
may it come over him.
This caused a lifelong
obsession with this.
He wrote over 15 songs
of blue in the title.
"Blue Suede Shoes," "Blue
Moon," "Indescribable Blue."
(ELVIS VOICE) Thank
you very much.
And--
[LAUGHTER]
And 1950s-- in the 1950s he
had an incredible encounter
of a giant mothership
in the sky,
and it completely caused
this absolute fascination
with these things.
Another interesting thing about
him is that everywhere he went,
he was trying to contact ETs.
He carried around all
kinds of esoteric books,
his spiritual advisory lined
up outside of the Philosophical
Research Society in
Los Feliz, California,
to try and meet Manly P. Hall
to get an autographed copy
of his book.
He was fascinated
with this stuff.
He was always talking
about Ezekiel's encounter.
And you know what
book he carried around
with him the most that you can
find in Graceland to this day
if you visit it?
"Chariots of the Gods"
with Erich von Daniken.
Mr. von Daniken and
I were having a talk
about this the other night.
And it's interesting
that Mr. von Daniken, who
we're so fortunate to have
with us-- over 70 million books
sold.
My god, this man is a legend,
the most successful nonfiction
author of all time.
Over 3,000 lectures in 25
countries and we have him here?
Incredible.
And he started us talking
about all these things.
But tonight, I want to pay--
or today, not tonight--
well, tonight also--
but I want to pay tribute to
my dear friend, Jordan Maxwell.
I know Jordan's with us.
I know he's listening, so I want
to say, Jordan, we love you.
Jordan, we miss you.
Jordan is the godfather of
all of this, this genre,
for over 60 years talking
about secret societies,
hidden symbolism, etymology.
And one of the last great
projects he worked on
was on Gaia.
So if you want to find
out about these things,
you can go on there.
But Jordan over the years
became a great friend
of mine, a great
teacher, a great mentor.
I learned a lot from him.
That's us standing in front
of the Philosophical Research
Society.
And we didn't have to wait
as long as Elvis Presley
to get in there.
But Jordan and I, we
talked about many things
on all the road trips
and places we went on,
to all the fascinating
people he knew.
He knew movie producers and
rap stars and rock stars
who would sit at his bed and
try to take notes on things.
And we learned-- we talked
about many of these folks.
And some of the interesting
conversations we had
was about George Lucas
and Michael Eisner.
How many of you know that
George Lucas was almost
stopped and prevented from
releasing "Star Wars?"
How many of you know that
Michael Eisner, the President
of Disney, and George
Lucas were involved
in very interesting
conversations
about disseminating
information to all of you
about these subjects in
a very careful way that
wasn't going to be too
shocking or overwhelming?
And these subjects were
taken very seriously.
But another interesting
fact was a famous movie
made by George Lucas.
Have any of you ever
seen this movie?
>> Sure.
>> I know some of us, when
we go to these remote areas,
we get that music playing
in the back of our heads.
We feel like we're
Indiana Jones.
(SINGING "INDIANA JONES"
THEME) Dun, dun, dun, dun.
You know?
Well, how many of you know
that Indiana Jones was
based on a real character?
This man doesn't get
enough publicity.
And after today, I want you
all to go home and look him
up and find out everything
you can about him.
Incredible.
This is George Hunt Williamson.
This man is a legend.
I'll tell you, not only
was he an anthropologist.
He was a professor at
the Colorado University,
which it wasn't far from Gaia.
And he went on these
adventures, into temples,
into the jungles doing
all these amazing things.
And on top of that, he was
the real life Indiana Jones.
He was also an esotericist.
He was an alchemist.
He went by the name
Doreal, and that's
when-- he was one of the
first to translate the Emerald
Tablets into English,
which is very interesting.
But on top of that, he
was an ET contactee,
a profound ET contactee that was
talking about the 12 planets--
Marduk, ETs-- long
before anyone else.
And are any of you familiar
with who George Adamski is?
All the hardcore ufologists
are raising their hands.
Two hands over
there in the front.
Adamski, when you go
back into the '50s,
he had these
amazing experiences.
How many of you know that it
was George Hunt Williamson that
introduced him to
Orthon in the desert?
And one year prior, he was
getting ET communications
on a radio.
Pretty amazing stuff.
He was also guiding his
work in secret places
of the lion like the Sphinx
and the other tongues of flesh.
Well, it's interesting when
we talk about these Emerald
Tablets and what they
mean to the mysteries.
Here's my friend Billy Carson.
You guys saw him last night.
He wrote this great book.
You guys should all run out and
get it if you don't have it,
the "Compendium of
the Emerald Tablets."
And in there, there's
all kinds of great wisdom
you can look at.
In there, you can learn about
the fact that all of you
are coming from this one mind.
You're coming from the
mind of the universe,
just as we were talking about.
That's how it happens.
But in there, there is a very
interesting piece of wisdom.
It says, "I, Thoth,
the Atlantean"
who's this fellow over here.
We'll get into him in a bit.
"I, Thoth, the Atlantean,
I built the Great Pyramid."
No one else.
Not those schmucks on the
side over in the back.
Not those guys.
I built it, he said, as he
held out his great tablets
of wisdom, designing this.
And he encoded into it all the
great mysteries of the Earth
and everything else around it.
But what a lot of
people don't know,
that the Emerald Tablets are
also a great alchemical text,
and many were fascinated about
them, even the likes of Sir
Isaac Newton and others and
what they tried to look at,
the ideas.
That in there, you talk about
ascending and descending
to heaven.
That's the condensation and
distillation of alchemy.
You have in there the ideas
of the mother and the father,
the sun and the moon,
the gold and the silver.
All these things are
the keys to alchemy.
And this has been written about
and lectured about by a dear
friend, Timothy
Hogan, who's not only
the grand master of
the Knights Templars,
he's a Masonic and
alchemical author.
And he's demonstrated all these
principles in a laboratory.
In fact, the Emerald
Tablets-- don't
get caught up in that name.
Don't even look at that.
What that is, that's
part of the process.
This is really the Book of
Thoth, the Book of Hermes.
This is part of the process.
You get these little
emerald-like pieces,
and they're called
the green line.
You have the green line.
You have the red line.
You know, Barry
Fitzgerald and Steve Mera
has some very interesting
alchemical work
that they're doing right
now over in Ireland.
They're looking at
some ancient secrets.
But if Thoth built the
Great Pyramid as we believe
and the Emerald
Tablet, if he truly
was the one that
built it, why are we
told that it's a pyramid
built by Khufu or Cheops,
a 25-year-old king that couldn't
even tie his own shoelaces?
Well, who is Khufu?
Who is Cheops?
In the Fourth Dynasty, we're
told that he was desperately
looking for the Book
of Thoth himself,
because if you looked
upon the Book of Thoth
you were said to
have magical powers.
But he was also looking
for it to find out
the secrets of how the
pyramids were built.
So that's kind of
funny, isn't it?
But in there, we
learned about something
I like to call the
Khufu deception.
Where did that come from?
Well, there was a time
when there was these--
I want to say gunpowder
archaeologists that
were visiting Egypt.
We've got the likes of
Auguste Mariette in 1850.
Went to the Sarapeum,
blew a hole in this thing.
You've got this lovely fellow
over here, Colonel Vyse.
Well, he comes with
the British, 1836.
And there's a fellow over there,
Giovanni Battista Caviglia,
and he's doing some work.
Has taken about a
couple of years.
And this fine fellow
over here, he says,
let's get this guy
out of the way.
I want to take charge.
He comes in there and he
starts running things,
and after a while he's
not finding anything.
Of course, he's not.
He's probably having a few
shaky whiskeys every night
and sleeping in.
And he decides, you know what?
I'm going to go back
to what I do best.
He was a forger.
He did forgeries all the time,
and he takes this red ocher
paint.
Maybe you heard the brilliant
Maria Wheatley yesterday
talking about red ocher.
It's kind of a clay
that you look--
and red ocher paint, the
best thing about it is you
can't carbon date it.
You can't trace it.
So he does this.
And they even make mistakes.
They misspell Khufu's name.
I don't know about you, but
I don't misspell my own name
unless I'm signing it in that
dark corner with a Sharpie
that runs out.
[LAUGHTER]
But this guy, he
comes in there and he
puts this name on the wall.
He goes, oh!
Look at me.
I'm important.
Give me more money.
Look what I found,
this name up there.
It must belong to Khufu,
the 25-year-old king that
built this thing.
Well, that's kind of
interesting because when
you look at the Great Pyramid,
it's absolutely magnificent
if you visit it in person.
If you want to see it in person,
I'll give you a shameless plug.
You can join me, Mohamed
Ibrahim, and Nassim Haramein
this October for the
Resonance Academy.
Come out there and
see it with us.
But if you look at
the Great Pyramid, two
and a half million stones.
Granite, sandstone,
and limestone.
It was built like
a Faraday cage.
And in fact, could it have
been a water pump system?
Of course.
Could it have been a power
plant like the great Chris
Dunn says in his Giza
power plant hypothesis?
Of course.
Have you ever thought
about the fact
that it's a polynomial
tetrahedral structure that
can be turned into
a sphere using
transdimensional mathematics?
It's magnificent.
An incredible edifice.
It's a sermon in the stone
that if you look upon it
you're mesmerized,
especially when you go in it.
But the idea that it came
from the Fourth Dynasty
is really quite amusing.
Here's Zuzana over here, and
we're at the Nubian Museum.
And she's pointing out this
interesting pre-dynastic art
where we see these
pyramids on it.
But Egyptologists
say, oh, I'm sorry.
Those are mountains.
Lots of mountains on the
Giza Plateau, aren't there?
And they're very
clearly showing it.
This is an interesting piece.
It's at the Cairo Museum.
Have any of you ever
been to the Cairo Museum?
Very good.
We have quite a few
people over here.
Well, they keep telling us the
big new gem museum is coming,
but I guess if they have a
few more grand opening parades
one of these days, it
might actually open.
But over here we have
more of this art,
but you see what's interesting
next to the builders
of the Great Pyramid?
I'm not saying it was
aliens, but where's Giorgio?
Might be aliens.
But here's an interesting
story for you.
This again is our
friend Timothy Hogan.
I was just there with
Jay from Project Unity.
We were just out with my
friend, Timothy Hogan.
And if you've ever been
up in King's Chamber,
you'll notice that once you
move up the ground gallery
and you go into the back
there's a fan in the wall
that they've blocked
up that hole.
And if you were
to remove the fan,
you'd see something interesting.
Rudolf Gantenbrink in 1993
goes up into the Great Pyramid.
And when he goes there,
he brings with him
a very interesting robot
with a camera inside of it.
They move up into
the Great Pyramid,
up into the north side
of the chamber above it,
and what do they see?
They see a mysterious
writing on the floor in red.
And guess what?
I'm going to tell you something
very interesting about this.
The writing that
you see on the top
left, it resembles
nothing that we know.
All of the top Egyptologists and
experts come out and they say,
I'm sorry.
We have no
hieroglyphics like this.
They bring my friend
Timothy Hogan in who's
an expert on ancient
languages and mysteries.
He couldn't decode it.
He was at the meetings.
The meetings were
so controversial
that the antiquities
at the time said,
we don't want to even
touch this because it
says that a civilization
older than the Egyptians may
have built this thing.
He was at this meeting.
Gantenbrink walks
away from this.
He's like, this is way too
controversial for my career.
I'm getting the
hell out of here.
The Egypt's
antiquities, they say,
well, we'd better make
a press release quick
saying these are probably
numbers they put on the floor
for the building of this thing.
Could this be what
the ancients used
as their hieroglyphic
languages like the Solex-Mal
the antediluvian
pre-cataclysmic languages?
Could this be the Senzar?
Or could this be similar
to the ancient Chinese
or the ancient Hungarian that we
find connected to the Denisovan
people?
Let me give you a
little hint today.
Could the Great
Pyramid, the part
that you see today,
the top part have
been built at a later time?
The Sphinx is far older than it.
The casing stones in the
basin were there already.
And everything that
you find under there
is greatly classified.
There's a lot of stuff that's
been found under there that's
classified, all kinds of
moon temples and structures
underneath the
entire Giza Plateau.
You're just seeing the
outer epidural layers.
But who were the gods of Egypt?
If we're going to talk
about this cheeky fellow
over here building the
pyramids, who were they?
Well, Plutarch, he says
the gods of ancient Egypt
were the antediluvian or
pre-cataclysmic kings who
were deified or made
into gods after death.
It's kind of like if one of us
did something really important.
But these gods, they
go back a long way,
and we've got all kinds
of different ideas.
People have all sorts of
different theories about them,
don't they?
We talk about the
Anunnaki, those
who came from Heaven
to Earth, people say.
Some will look at
this and say, hey,
this is one of these kings
showing them about agriculture.
Yes, it's a plow he's
holding in his hands.
Others will say these are
extraterrestrial visitors
teaching these fine folks about
all kinds of ancient things
in the Sumerian world.
We have a planetary system
with 10 to 12 pieces there.
You say, well, we count
the moon and the sun.
We have all kinds of different
ways of looking at this.
And this fellow over here,
do you guys know who this is?
Zecharia Sitchin.
I want to pay tribute
to him today as well.
What a wonderful man he was.
And today, there's all kinds
of armchair critics at home
that like to criticize
him and say, well, I
know better than him.
I'm going to dismiss
what he says.
Well, he was quite a figure.
He's a really interesting
guy, really all self-taught.
He went to the
British Museum a lot
and he pondered
over these things.
But he also knew Jordan Maxwell
quite a lot with these theories
that he had.
So I just want to
play this clip for you
to show you something that he
had said to Jordan Maxwell.
>> Thank you, and I do very
much appreciate your time.
>> It's always a pleasure to
be interviewed by someone who
knows almost as much as I do.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> I leave a little for myself.
>> You are a giant.
>> It's almost a pleasure to
be interviewed by someone who
knows just as much as I do.
A lot of people don't know
this, that Zecharia and Jordan
were business partners of
the True Secret company.
It was the first to
publish his works.
And point in fact,
he talked about a lot
of the incredible knowledge
that we got from places
like the Epic of Gilgamesh.
Not only is it a story
about immortality,
but we have the
creation story in there.
We have all sorts
of ancient texts
that've been buried in
very interesting places.
But you get this story
also in your Bible.
When you open up the Bible,
you look in Genesis 1:2,
we have this interesting
part of the Bible.
I don't know if any of
you are familiar with it.
But it says that the Earth
was created or formed
from tohu wa-bohu.
Another way of saying it is
(ACCENTED SPEECH) tohu wa-bohu.
And a load of people like to
say in the biblical academic
scholarly field that
are into hermeneutics,
they say, well, this means
it was void and without form.
There was nothing there.
It was created.
Well, point in fact, if you
talk to any rabbis or people
with this sort of study,
it doesn't say that.
It says the Earth
was being recreated.
And it doesn't say there was
a god, a singular god there.
It says there was the Elohim.
And the Elohim is a
plurality of beings
that we were created in
their image, it says.
And you've all
heard this before.
I'm sure that there's a lot of
shows back there on the wall
that have taught
this in the past.
But point in fact, if you
open up the Bullinger study
Bible that was put out
there by Dr. Bullinger
the companion Bible-- and
I urge you to have that
on your bookshelf if you're
interested in these subjects--
he references Jeremiah
4:23, because this is great.
You could see another place in
the Bible where this is used.
So let's look at the
context of tohu wa-bohu
and see how it's used.
In Jeremiah if you
flip open your Bible,
you see there's Jeremiah.
Nice guy minding his own
business, much like all of you
trying to enjoy your morning.
And he's just pulled up
over on top of the Earth,
and he's looking
down at it and he
says, that doesn't look too
good down there, does it?
He sees Zion, the
cities on Earth,
and it says they
weren't built by man.
Well, who built them?
The gods.
And it says these cities
became tohu wa-bohu, waste
and desolation.
They were destroyed.
Well, I'd ask you first
of all, that doesn't sound
like there was nothing there.
And secondly, who the hell took
them up there above the Earth
to look down at these things?
Well, it's very interesting.
We get a lot of
interesting clues.
But a lot of people when they
talk about Zecharia Sitchin,
they'll criticize him.
And they'll say, Zecharia
Sitchin, you know, this guy,
he was using the cuneiform, and
modern dictionaries came out
after he had passed away.
And after he had passed
away, the dictionaries
had a much broader use for
the words of the cuneiform.
But he was using a much
earlier form of cuneiform, OK?
And the much earlier
form of cuneiform
is kind of like if
we take old English
and compare it to the
English we're using today,
but an even more dramatic
effect than that.
If there's one criticism that
people could make of Sitchin,
I think he got his dates
off, his years off.
I think you could add 20,000,
30,000 years onto his dates.
But essentially, his story was
that the Anunnaki were coming
here about 500,000 years ago.
That's not to say that we
haven't had many, many groups
here, many groups before
that, groups that were here
600 million years prior, 70,000
years ago, all sorts of things.
But you know what's
interesting about Sitchin?
Here's something
Jordan Maxwell told me
I could share with all of
you after he passed away.
>> I know you knew Sitchin well.
Do you think that between
what you gathered from Sitchin
and what you think
yourself in your spirit,
do you think these Anunnaki
were reptile people
or were they humanoid like us?
>> You know what?
I'm not sure.
And I wish I would have asked--
I wish I would have asked that.
I didn't stop to ask that
kind of a question of him.
I know-- I know that he was
on a one-on-one relationship
with them.
>> Oh, for sure.
>> Oh, no.
I know that for sure.
He told me he was.
>> It's amazing.
>> He talked with them
one-to-one, face-to-face.
But that's another thing.
You know, I could
cause quite a stir
in the community
around the world
if I went and started talking
about the people I know
and what they've
told me and private.
>> Holy smokes.
>> That would start a big fire.
I'll go on-- if I go on a radio,
on my own network radio show
and talk about Zecharia
Sitchin and what
he said to me in private
that nobody knows,
you're going to
see how quick that
gets around the world, boy.
>> And that's the thing.
I mean, the thing--
>> So as you can see, a couple
parts had to be bleeped out
there for Gaia.
But when you look at people
like Sitchin or many of you,
you get help.
You get a lot of help.
Sitchin should was a contactee.
People don't know that.
I've had it confirmed from
folks that were close to him,
including Jordan that the
Anunnaki stepped into the room
with him and were talking
to him, these beings we
call the Anunnaki.
Of course, they went
by a different name.
This is what we call them.
But here's Paul Tice who was
Jordan's personal videographer.
He was his cameraman.
He was helping
publish his works.
And he and I have talked
about Sitchin a lot.
And he said independently,
it's not a surprise
that Sitchin was talking
about the Anunnaki
because guys were talking
about it in the 1800s.
Christian O'Brien, the
great author independent
of Sitchin as an academic
said the same things as him.
So the general
thesis is correct.
We did have visitors.
These were the folks that we're
talking about in the Bible that
were coming at different times.
These were the folks on
this planet that were
looking at us, the human race.
And the story that we get
is that they came here
from their planet with
Nibiru and all the stuff that
went on because, well, some will
say they were looking for gold.
They were mining.
That's why they
were coming here.
And they would be
in orbit with us.
And we have this very
interesting story
in these star maps.
In fact, we get an idea in
these creation stories that
our planets just as Immanuel
Velikovsky says in "Worlds
in Collisions" kind of had a
bit of a pool table situation,
different mash-ups.
And what if one time--
at one time Mars was in our
orbit that would smash into us?
Could that be why it's
called the god of war?
We have this very interesting
story that comes out of this.
To the Hungarians,
they have the taltos
of the shamans that have
this map here that you see.
And this is a map that they
have of a migration from Mars
to here from where
the giants came here.
That's an interesting thing to
say, the giants that came here.
But you know, when we talk
about these different folks that
have been coming here
and all the authors that
have covered this
over the years,
so many people have
touched down on this.
In fact, Bob Brown
over there, he's
the godfather of
UFO conferences.
I don't know if any
of you know that,
the biggest UFO conferences
in the United States
for so many years.
UFO Congress, UFO Megacon,
packing the seats just
like all of you.
He's brought a big
collection of DVDs
talking about this in the back.
Some of them are
so rare and filled
with this information
they're just
absolutely impossible
to get your hands on.
So I'd suggest you scoop up
as many of those as you can.
But we get lots of stories
about flying machines
in the ancient world, don't we?
In Ethiopia we have a story
about Solomon flying around.
If you go to India where
our friend Vish is from,
he's well familiar with the
Vedas, the Vedantic texts,
or my friend Sid
Goldberg over there.
Lived there for nine years.
We have these ideas with Arjuna
and the Ramayana going up
in Chapter 5, going up
to the various heavens.
You have the idea of
going into the summer
Rangana Sutradara in Chapter 31.
It's talking about these robotic
AI-like females, vimanas.
Think about vimanas, shamana,
the manna that we take.
Very interesting.
If you go into the
Persian Zoroastrian texts
where your Mazda symbol comes
from, it's very interesting.
You get the Avestan literature,
fravashi or fravahr,
that is the one that we see
the man in the flying disk.
We also see a connection
to this over and over again
in our Sumerian depictions.
It's really quite
interesting, isn't it?
You guys never
thought about the idea
that Obama took a very
interesting field trip
with his friends up to Mumbai?
They all stopped in
Afghanistan around 2012.
You ever hear about that?
Wouldn't that be
interesting if they were
looking at an ancient vimana?
Just like the field
trip those other folks
took to the Antarctica
to see those ruins that
are millions of years old.
Remember hearing about
how Buzz Aldrin got sick?
That's weird.
Take a private trip
up to Antarctica,
all these famous guys.
I guess they were looking
at a couple of icebergs
and some penguins.
We find this over and
over again, though.
Again, Ezekiel's cylinders
within cylinders.
The Lord comes down,
these bipedal beings,
and they have these thousands
of little blinking lights
or eyeballs with lapis lazuli.
The Lord steps out of
them and talks to Ezekiel,
takes them in the commander
chair up to a mountain.
You've got the idea of Moses.
There's a pillar in the sky
with smoke moving around.
Very interesting stories again
and again, including Enoch.
But in the Anunnaki star
we hear about the Igigi
or the Watchers.
300 of them, in
fact, that came here.
Sitchin said they're from Mars.
They were the workers
that had to do the mining.
And these guys, they
were mining on Earth
and getting involved
in things that
really weren't that important.
Not as important as
they're made out to be.
But they'd come down
here and they set up shop
over in places like Puma
Punku, Tiwanaku, Bolivia, Peru,
in those areas.
Very interesting places when
you go up to those areas.
12,500 feet above sea level.
The Andes are relatively
new mountains.
We might ask ourselves, how'd
they get up there so fast
and build walls
around the place?
At Lake Titicaca
we have fossilized
seashells and seahorses.
That's Brien Foerster and
I over by the H Blocks.
This is a subterranean
complex near there,
and we see these very
strange, alien-like faces
in different groups
that have visited here.
Strange stuff up there.
But you know, when we
go to this depiction
we find, very famously
of these folks,
you have the man with the flying
wings and the disk above there.
And there's many
interesting interpretations
we have here of this.
My friend Andrew Gough
has some incredible work
he's done on the honeybee
and the pollinators,
that these are
symbolically-- there's
many layers to this when we
turn the key of the lock.
We find that these could
be folks that are carrying
around pollen with them.
It could be monoatomic gold.
It could be a lot of things.
But it could also be a
pinecone in their hand
that they're awakening.
The folks with the wings
behind symbolically,
the folks from the heavens are
awakening the kings on Earth,
awakening their pineal
glands, giving them knowledge,
upgrading their chromosomal
structure, looking at that is
like our DNA.
That's one way you could
look at this, that this
was a great experiment.
But in this story, what we
see that's very important,
we had these ancient cities on
Earth before the Great Flood,
we're told.
We have eight rulers.
We have five cities.
241,200 years, and
these were very
much like immortals that held
and possessed certain keys.
Maybe alchemical
keys, you could say.
Maybe they were eating
a white powder of gold.
Maybe they had all
kinds of ancient ways
of preserving themselves.
We have Eridu.
We have Baba-Tibir.
We look over at Dumuzid and all
those others that were there,
Separ.
We have these great,
incredible places on Earth.
Then we start getting into
this pageantry of these gods.
Very interesting stuff.
And they've gone by many names
throughout all our cultures.
You can look at all
the cultures that
come down from
these original gods,
whether it's in the Norse--
Odin, Freya, Baldr, Thor,
Osiris, Isis, Horus,
moving into all these
different pantheons.
But we start off with
this story of Anu who's
the ruler and the father of--
the grandfather of
all these groups.
And he's the leader
of the Anunnaki.
Interesting that we have a
connection to the Japanese
with Anu as well.
We have Anu and we
bring in Inanna.
And you see these two folks
being the main players,
and they're very much interested
in power and dominion, all
the dramas that you might
expect in a good Hollywood
film of sex and action
and strange relationships
and all that sort of stuff.
But our main characters
that we bring into the story
are Enlil and Enki.
So Enlil, we learn about
him as a scientist.
And Enki, he's an
interesting figure.
He's coming to Earth
and he's exploring.
He's really into
looking at the seas
and going from place to
place and helping them.
And some people might look
at this as these two streams
beside him of fish
moving up this,
that he's sort of like
a water god, isn't he?
He's sort of like
Poseidon from Atlantis
if you think about
him like that.
You could say, could
this be why the Pope
wears that meter on his head,
the miter or that fish hat?
Could this be why you see that
connection to Dagon, Nimrod,
Oannes, all those folks?
Some might say the two streams
of the Tigris and Euphrates
River.
But then we bring in a
very interesting character,
Ningishzida.
Ningishzida, he's portrayed
with two serpents.
Have you ever seen that before?
The two serpents.
It might give you
a clue to who he is
and why he's been
important to this role.
But we can't leave this
story without Marduk.
Now Enlil and Enki, we're told
that they're two brothers.
These are two
brothers, son of Enki.
And what's the interesting
thing about this
is when you look at a lot
of our founding stories,
even from Rome-- have any
of you ever been to Rome?
A few in the front.
You ever hear about-- story
about Romulus and Remus?
Have you ever heard
about-- they have stories
in Bolivia, the two brothers?
We get that over and over
again in our ancient stories.
Well, then we start bringing
in a character called Dumuzid.
And the story goes
on and on, but why
we're bringing in
Dumuzid is that Dumuzid's
one of these gods, these
folks on Earth that
came from another place.
They had longer lifespans.
To us, we'd see
them as the gods.
But at some point, Inanna
falls in love with Dumuzid
along with all her other lovers.
He's a shepherd, a good guy.
Likes to mind his own business.
Writes a few poems.
Brings a few flowers home.
Nice guy.
He's a romantic.
But then she gets an idea that
Marduk decides to kill him.
She goes, that's it.
He's on my bad list.
Going to come after him.
So Marduk in this
story, he doesn't really
get a fair share of things.
He gets no crack at things.
Have you guys ever heard of
the American comedian Rodney
Dangerfield?
You remember what
Dangerfield always said?
I get no respect.
No respect.
That's him.
He gets no respect.
There's stories
according to Sitchin
that he's kind of pissed off.
He says, everybody else
has these great cities.
Eridu, Mesopotamia, you know,
that basic form of Egypt.
He goes, you guys are all
doing these exciting things,
but where's my city?
He's not even allowed
to be ruler in Nburu.
He's not even allowed to rule
any of these other places,
and he's kind of
kicked out everywhere,
becoming exiled, and a
wanderer on the Earth.
Said he spent some times
with the folks up on Mars
for a while.
So the story goes is that he
was very jealous at the time.
And if you look at this story
as these characters fitting
over into the
Egyptian story, you
might say that Ptah is Enki.
You could also look over at
the idea that he is Amun Ra.
Remember, Ra becomes Amun.
He's the hidden one.
That's why you say amen at
the end of your prayers,
to be kept hidden,
to be kept secret.
Amen in all three
Abrahamic religions.
Well, the story is that he
was kind of a little bit
jealous is that Ningishzida
or Thoth had built
the Great Pyramid, and that
his face was originally
the one on the Sphinx
before it was changed.
But he goes off and
he builds Babylon.
Babylon is an incredible place.
We hear about this tower
of Babel, a communication
tower, a place that he
sort of symbolically
builds that gets destroyed.
But Babylon is a very
interesting place
when we look at it.
They call it mystery
Babylon in the Bible,
or sometimes it's referred
to as the horror of Babylon.
It's not a very
nice name, is it?
Well, Babylon is magnificent.
Over 100 gates.
Eight have been found.
The Ishtar Gate
is over in Berlin.
You get stories in
there in the Bible.
Very interesting one.
One of the presenters
on Gaia TV-- you
can look up William Henry.
He likes to say on shows like
"Ancient Aliens" that Shadrach,
Meschia--
Shadrach, Meschach, and Abednego
were in a burning furnace
there.
And somehow a mysterious
visitor came in there
and ushered them out.
Now, could that have
been a stargate?
We get a story about
these Hanging Gardens
that were magnificent,
one of the seven
ancient wonders of the world.
You learn about the later rise
of Nebuchadnezzar and Alexander
the Great, the great Macedonian
conqueror falling to his demise
at 33 years of age in Babylon.
Here's my friend,
cheeky Colin Woolford,
standing in front of one of
these magnificent statues
or guardians that you'd
find in front of Babylon.
And I can assure you,
he's not a time traveler.
That is at the British Museum.
That's just to show you
how immensely incredible
these places were.
But we have these many
faces of all of our gods.
As mentioned, this character
that we see, Ningishzida,
he was also going
by the name Thoth.
Why does he look like this?
Why do we personify
him like this
with the head of an ibis bird?
Well, the ibis was
a very wise bird.
The ibis knew when it
was going to rain, where
the worms were going to be.
It almost did sort of a
meditation with a stone
that it would place
in its mouth and it
would meditate and fall asleep
until the stone fell out.
That's why we personify
him like that.
He's also personified
as Djehuty, the baboon
to seek wisdom.
Thoth is born wise.
That's where you get
the word thought from.
He also goes by the name
Hermes Mercurius Trismegistus
with the caduceus of
the double serpent.
We know him as Quetzalcoatl.
We know him as Kukulkan.
He goes by many names.
In fact, in the story we get
that after the fallout came
with Marduk,
according to Sitchin,
he was sent off
over to the Yucatan.
They said, hey, you know what?
Get the hell out of here.
We're tired of these problems.
Just get out of Egypt.
Get out of Dodge.
You can go have South America,
all these sort of places.
Have the Yucatan.
Let's just call a truce.
There's a lot of fighting and
things going on at the time.
When we look over in these
places, a lot of people
talk about Chichen Itza,
that it's significant.
It's like classic period.
It's really just a nice site
that tourists can go to,
but there's much
more ancient versions
and pre-classic places.
I was just there a
couple months ago.
And this is Ek-Balam.
Isn't it interesting
in Ek-Balam you
see Egyptian riding and boats.
You see these
elongated-headed individuals
that are portrayed
with wings at the top.
Just 10 years ago this
place was under rocks.
They just dug it up.
Pretty incredible, eh?
Get a lot of interesting
stories there.
But when we think about
these places, a lot of us
wonder, well, what
could be there?
Is there anything still there?
Did they leave behind
any clues for us?
Well, one night I was at home
over in Budapest, Hungary.
It was last year
around December,
and trying to warm up.
It's a bit cold.
And this guy contacts me.
And he'd been in contact
with a couple of people
from behind the scenes
like Linda Moulton Howe.
He was recommended
to me by someone,
and he was at a very
interesting point of his life.
He was going through cancer.
Radiation, chemotherapy
treatments, in fact.
And he says, I have been
involved in unacknowledged
and special access programs.
And there's folks like
that you do talk to when
you put yourself out there.
And he said, I want
to come forward
and I want to tell
you some things,
so I'm going to get
them off my chest.
And so I tell him, you know,
I'm going to come visit you.
And he tells me
that he's way out
in this place near Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, which
I'll tell you, compared to here
even, it's not an oil painting.
[LAUGHTER]
And so I head out there.
That's me in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania,
with great excitement to arrive.
And we show up and these
two fine gentlemen--
they're very nice
guys, actually--
they were telling me--
they're two friends.
They've both been involved
in these programs.
They want to come forth.
But he's a little afraid because
he says that all of his friends
have faced sort of fears
and they've even had death
threats and everything else.
And this gentleman over
here, he says, look,
he even retrieved a
baby extraterrestrial
from an underwater craft.
We're going to release
a video of this soon.
And he says that he took
it out of a jelly sack
with his parents.
The two Greys had been
eaten on the outside.
And when he brought
out the baby Grey
it was transmitting into
him an emotional feeling
of being afraid of
losing its parents.
He could see in his mind and
through his body the craft
crashing through our atmosphere
and down to the Earth
and what he missed.
And he became emotional with
tears streaming down his face
as many have talked
about these things.
>> Do you suppose the
governments and departments
you've worked with are ever
going to come forward with what
they know?
>> Well, they have been for the
last year and a half releasing
information that when
I was in the military,
in an intel division, I
was warned if I was to ever
disclose anything like that I
would go to jail for 20 years.
Now, they're releasing that
right out into the public
to kind of prepare the public
for something that's coming.
>> That's interesting.
Now these two fellows,
that's Chris on the left
who's undergoing the therapies.
Even that day when I went
and talked to him that week,
he was going for
radiation the next day.
And isn't it interesting
that the place
that he goes for
these treatments,
that when he goes there
at the VA hospital
there's two special agents
that take the samples from him
and remove them and
get them out of there?
It's really interesting.
A lot of people might
not realize this,
but when you've been exposed
to extraterrestrials,
your atomic structure changes.
Your circadian rhythms change.
And a lot of folks
in the earlier days
show up with all
kinds of problems.
They can't produce
cortisol anymore.
They have all sorts of
issues, and you can tell
when they've had radiation.
Just ask Rick Doty about this.
He could tell you all
about it, right, Rick?
But this guy has started telling
me something very interesting.
He says, look, I've got
to tell you something
that's really important to me.
He says, when I was involved,
I know we went to Iraq.
You want to know what we took?
He goes, I was involved.
He says, well, we went to Iraq.
We extracted a
stargate from there
used by the extraterrestrials
that were there.
I said, that's interesting.
Tell me more.
And it's interesting because
my friend Dannion Brinkley
who many of you may know--
he directs a show with me.
We were traveling together.
He is very famous for being
a near-death experiencer,
if any of you have
ever seen him.
Dannion Brinkley, he
was assigned a mission.
He was assigned a
mission over in Baghdad
at the time when
he was traveling.
And he even traveled
with Sitchin, by the way.
They went to Syria.
They got stuck in certain
places, certain passport
issues, and very strange stuff.
The agencies, let's
just call them that,
gave Dannion and a bunch
of throwaway cameras.
They were very interested
in what Saddam's brother was
doing at the time, going
to Sweden and Switzerland
and other sorts of
places, getting back
things for the Baghdad Museum.
Dannion said they gave him
several throwaway cameras
and he went into
Baghdad on a mission
when he was already
out there and was
photographing everything
for them to bring it back.
They were scoping it out.
And believe me, the
weapons of mass destruction
they were interested in is far
different than what you think.
Well, he starts to
tell me something
interesting about the
cities of Ur and Uruk
where we start to bring
the scenarios down
with those folks we were talking
about called the Anunnaki.
>> It was in the city of Ur
and the tomb of Gilgamesh,
and it was a part of a machine
that his father created
thousands of years ago that
allowed Gilgamesh to do
interdimensional travel.
I saw with my own eyes the
results of what this piece did.
They brought it over
to CERN Switzerland.
They plugged it
into CERN Collider.
And over there, they're a lot
more freer with information
than here.
So I went to their newspapers
when this was happening,
and I read front page
on their newspaper
exactly what they
were going to do.
They gave the day
and the time they
were going to take this part
and put it in the Collider.
And they said it had to be
at 3 o'clock in the morning,
the hour of the devil.
That's what it said
in their newspaper.
Now, everybody was ready for it.
All the people knew
the exact day and time.
And CERN is underground.
It's like over 400
feet under the ground.
It's about 17
kilometers around, OK?
And they turned it on and
these people were all there
with their cameras and all.
You could see the beam coming
from under the ground, up
into the upper atmosphere,
opening its first portal.
And when you look, though,
at what was put together,
Hollywood picked up on
it best a few years ago
and came out with a series
and movie, "Stargate."
>> So can you imagine this?
These doorways that were left
on Earth that were perhaps
active at one time that we
may not understand today,
but they were used for
this sort of science
to be able to go
to other places.
This is Saddam Hussein.
Saddam Hussein, he believed
that he was the reincarnation
of King Nebuchadnezzar.
He had this in his art.
He made portraits of this.
These are the bricks.
He had rebuilt Babylon into a
perfect place for the UNESCO
World Heritage sites
should have declared.
He said, this is Saddam Hussein,
the son of Nebuchadnezzar.
These were on the bricks that
he built into this thing.
This is what it looked like.
He rebuilt this thing, the
Hanging Gardens, everything.
The word on the street
was that our friend Saddam
was getting communications
and had technology and tapped
into things because under
these ancient cities
they left records.
They left cuneiform.
We only have a fraction
of these tablets
that they had
given us back then.
Most of these tablets
outside of the British Museum
and other places exist
in private collections.
How many of you know that
some of these families
and folks around the world--
they're not bad people,
but they have in their
private collections
some very interesting
things that
reveal parts of our stories.
Maria Wheatley and
I were just talking
about this yesterday, some
folks that are coming out
with this to help everyone.
So we go to the city of Ur.
We found out something
very interesting.
What we learned is that there
was a stargate inside of here,
and it had been reactivated.
And as soon as they
found out that was there,
they said, let's buy
the first ticket to Iraq
and get in there quick.
They didn't do anything else.
They left expensive laser
cutting tools on the ground.
They went in there and
they stormed that place.
Does this look like they're
looking for a military threat?
Isn't it interesting that we
built the largest US embassy
in the world on top of that,
because we didn't want people
to find what was in there?
But according to Phil, he says
that we moved it over to CERN.
Well, CERN is an
interesting thing.
We can find out the fundamental
functions and actions of we
go down into
subatomic particles.
Quarks, neutrinos, hadrons,
leptons, gluons, bosons,
all these funny-sounding
little things.
But the real purpose is
to tap into the secrets
of the universe, to
activate these things,
to find out what's happening.
And the reason is
that this stuff
is far stranger than you think.
It's far weirder than you think.
According to these
two gentlemen,
all the stuff you
call paranormal,
all this kind of talk,
there's divisions
in these programs
that study this,
that have a science
of this, that
are operating in this world.
Here's a depiction
of what it looks
like, some of the
last known depictions
we had in the 1850s of
what these gates look like
and what was there.
Very much like that
show "Stargate."
Even the symbols they use.
We have the symbols
from Gilgamesh.
We have other connections
to this that they're
trying to tell you.
If you look at Freemasonry
and the York Rite,
you might say that this is
another little connection.
And in Masonry--
I don't want you to
think that Masons
are walking through stargates,
because they're not.
The average Mason
doesn't have maybe even
an appreciation of what they've
inherited unless you really
have a classical education
in the seven liberal arts
and sciences of decoding this.
But we have something called
the Royal Arch degrees
where the ancient
Sumerian and Royal Arch--
and in there, this
is a sun gate.
This is just like the
arch you find in St.
Louis or the arch of McDonald's.
It's the horizon that you find.
And what do we have here?
One of these cheeky
little Anunnaki
walking through the door.
We find these false
doors all over the world.
In fact, one good example
I'll give you of this--
and I want you all
to do your homework.
Don't just say,
this Jonny Enoch guy
was walking around on a stage
talking about Marks & Spencer
sandwiches and stargates.
And what does he know?
He didn't show us any proof.
Go home after you're done
and look this place up.
This is in Egypt near
Abusir, Abu Gorab.
It's called Zawyet el Aryan.
In the Arabic we call that
the naked place I don't think
anyone there is naked, though.
And what you find over there,
we have these pyramids.
And nearby the kings that
are involved in this,
they have the name stargate
in front of their name.
Very interesting.
The pyramids near it is
called the Ba and the Ka,
which are names that you have
in the parts of the soul.
We have in there,
according to my sources,
a subterranean complex below
it the size of New York City.
This is Egypt's Area 51.
You can have aircraft
coming and going
without anybody seeing it.
And you might be very
interested to know
that the fellows in
antiquities that have
had dinner that knew
about this stuff--
and nobody can go in
it since the 1950s.
Our militaries are there.
Not their militaries.
Ours are there.
Isn't it interesting?
They said these
Aurora borealis colors
come up out of the ground.
They don't know what
the hell to do about it.
This is the last active
stargate, you might say.
What do the Egyptians
have to say about this?
All over the place we see
the depictions of stargates.
You see that down there, the
mouth above the stargate?
That means you need
sound to activate it.
Look over here.
This is at Kom Ombo.
The tour guides, I have to
listen to them all the time
say, the walls have ears.
The walls have ears.
Really?
What about the
Gate to the Nadirs?
The gate to the gods have ears.
The cosmic.
This is where the
gods came from.
This is the door.
In fact, over here
to the left of me,
again at the British
Museum, you'll
see that we have these folks
stepping through stargates,
again and again.
Here's your ears.
They need sound
to activate them.
Over here you see
them pointing up.
You see the Templar cross?
You see the stars?
You see the places
of Nibiru where
they could go through a gate?
What's really
interesting about this,
we see again and again
Hathor being used.
Hathor is associated with
sound, with a rattle,
with resonance, with vibration.
We see this opening up.
Why is that?
Why is sound so
important to this?
Because our universe works
like a symphonic construct.
Have you ever seen these great--
all these celebrities gathered
when Adele is singing?
Adele has got this beautiful
voice that they're swaying
and they're mesmerized,
or the beautiful harmonies
of John Williams in
our favorite movies.
We love it, don't we?
Maria Wheatley over there,
she was talking yesterday
about the connection to
sound vibration and the folks
that Stonehenge that
could have been hearing
these things in that brilliant
lecture that she gave that
was so important, wasn't it?
What sound did to
the water, what sound
did to all these places.
Well, if you look at these
great parasynthetic harmonies
and constructs, why do
cathedrals have sound?
Why do the Buddhist
monks use it?
They're unlocking
these particulars
in the universe with
the chromatic scales
and the octaves.
And this is what's important
in our secrets to resonance.
Well, here's a photo that Jay
over here, he was behind me.
And I said, don't photograph my
ass as I'm crawling up in here,
trying to crawl
into these places.
I got access to these
new areas that we are
at Hathor's temple in Dendara.
We were just there last month.
That's one of the cool
parts about this job.
You get to go to Egypt a lot.
And you get food poisoning a
couple times here and there,
but it has its benefits.
[LAUGHS]
But one of the secrets
you'll find here
is that Hathor who represents
sound and resonance
has a gate above her.
She opens it up.
Here's the Nadirs.
If you go to
Hatshepsut's temple--
I was very lucky to
go there doing COVID.
It was all shut down and
you get better access.
What's great, the sign
says, absolutely no access.
No photography.
You can't go in there.
Do not go in there.
Do not step into this place.
The guard will not
let you in there.
For five American dollars,
when no one's looking,
you can go in there.
[LAUGHTER]
There's Zuzana pointing
out the stargate.
We have [NON-ENGLISH],,
Thutmose III on the left.
You step into the back.
It says, do not go in there.
The guy goes, (EGYPTIAN
ACCENT) secret, secret.
Don't go in there.
There's another $5.
[LAUGHTER]
In the back we see a gate.
Can you imagine the gods
walking down those stairs
at Hatshepsut's mortuary, the
top stargates in the areas?
In the gate you see
over there, there's
a cartouche on the wall.
In the left it looks like
it's filled with stars,
or is that the gate?
On the left, we see the nadirs
walking through the door
to instruct the
people, the gods,
the folks that were visiting.
And again and again, we see
the mentioning of stargates.
And this gets us to
asking questions like,
is there a cosmic Atlantis?
Today if you ask someone about
Atlantis, what comes to mind?
Never mind the story you
get from Solon and Sonchis,
Edfu, pyramidal texts.
We can go back to the ideas
that people think that Atlantis
was behind the Atlas Mountains.
They talk about this in
a very interesting way.
Well, we could get
into that story
a long time if you wanted
to talk about Morocco
and those places
that were underwater,
moving out into the West.
We can move out into the story
of how the Rock of Gibraltar
was really the
Pillars of Hercules
and the Azores and Canary
Islands were the mountain
peaks of Atlantis.
But what if Atlantis was a
great continental diffusion
of culture, a dissemination
of these cultures
that spread across the
world with the many pyramids
you see in the various places?
140 pyramids in the
Azorean Islands,
pyramids on both
sides of the Atlantic,
pyramids in the Yucatan,
pyramids in China.
They're all over the place.
So what if these
stargates bring us
into a cosmic Atlantis,
an Atlantis that
spanned all over our solar
system and the various galaxies
and places, connecting
them like one giant web?
Well, this fellow that
we talked to here, let's
come back to him.
How you doing?
He's been busy writing, and
he's got sometimes a staff,
sometimes a measuring stick.
Sometimes it was said that he
helped measure and put together
the pyramid at the same time
he was helping with our DNA,
with Enki, giving us an upgrade,
helping us and evolving us.
Well, we hear that
he's returning.
That sounds all right.
Hopefully, he doesn't
return here when the--
to the lolly shop.
He might turn around.
But with this, we've got
to look at these Anunnaki,
if they're returning,
all joking aside,
could it be that
they're returning
in another form in the
evolution of our genetics
and the evolution of
who we are through us?
We're changing.
We're coming to this
maturation point.
This is the Age of Aquarius.
We have the Anunnaki story,
the Ningishzida story
all throughout our
ancient stories
with Attis from the
Phrygians who was Adonis.
We have the story
brought into Osiris,
the resurrection
of these things,
the return of an
ancient messiah.
It's a very old
and ancient story.
And if you know this
man, Randall Carlson's
absolutely brilliant.
You find him on Gaia
and these places.
He's looking at the procession
of the equinox of the Yugas.
And what he's talking about,
he's saying, hey, look.
You remember that
time when we had
the Sphinx and the age of Leo?
Do you remember that time?
Well, in the age of
Leo, this is when
we would have seen Ningishzida.
Look on the opposite
side of that.
All kinds of strange
things happen on the Earth
when Leo is here.
According to Randall
Carlson we see these cycles
that we're going through.
Well, right directly
opposite to that we see
Aquarius where we are, entering
into the Age of Aquarius.
Strange things are
happening on this Earth,
and we're getting
help at this time.
You might say that
we're going to go
through an evolution over this
next decade with everything
that we know about our lives,
from the way that we interact
with each other to our medicines
to the way that we travel,
the way that we harmonize
with each other.
You might say that
there's folks watching us.
And in some ways,
they're waiting for us
to get over our tribalism.
And there's some uncomfortable
things we're going through,
growing pains in fact,
but we will make it.
Many have talked about
a galactic federation
on shows that were on
Gaia like "Deep Space."
We've talked about
that, haven't we, Sid?
Now, it's my opinion
and not of the folks
that we talk to that the idea
of a "galactic federation,"
quote, unquote, isn't as
nice and pretty as it sounds,
and those shows like the
"Star Treks" and everything
with our brilliant Gene
Roddenberry and others who have
put together these concepts.
But we have a whole
bunch of different groups
that have been influencing
us and coming here
at different stages.
And they're all sort
of tampering with us.
There's a cross-pollination
of realities, in fact.
And that's why I really love
the show "Cosmic Disclosure"
with these folks over here.
Do any of you watch
"Cosmic Disclosure?"
That new season that Sid
Goldberg and Rick Doty had on
and those folks like Tim
the tactical advisor,
I was blown away
when I saw that.
Zuzana said, you've
got to come quick.
Watch this.
Because some of the
folks I was talking to,
they were telling me that
what these guys were saying
was very similar to
what I was hearing.
So I picked up the
phone and called Sid.
I said, this is unbelievable
because I'm hearing the things
that he was learning about from
Tim and Rick and the other guys
on the show.
And that is that when we look
at who has been interacting
with us, especially the
ones that those folks
that you guys call
the Greys, it's
not as simple as
calling them Greys.
And the Ebens, the
extraterrestrial biological
entities, are not the
same as the other folks.
You have one group that might
be 200 or 400 years ahead of all
of you, and then you've
got another group that's
hundreds of millions
of years ahead of them
that have gotten rid of
their biological selves.
They're a time
traveling species.
They're interacting
with us through a type
of quantum multiplicity.
Therefore, we can look at this
thing called lineal subjugation
assessment on how we might be
able to find folks that could
come backwards and
forwards in our history,
interacting with us, inserting
narratives, and changing this
like a Japanese sword maker
putting one tip on top
of the other to perfect it.
Very important show.
You want to keep
paying attention to it.
But lots of folks have been--
lots of folks have been saying
amazing things like this.
So I want to leave
you with a gift.
One of the insider folks I
talked to gave me permission
to share this with all of you.
I want you to research this.
Don't just take this
as infotainment.
Take this as something
you can research.
I want you to research
transverse sound waves
as opposed to longitudinal
sound waves, OK?
You're going to learn all
sorts of interesting things
where you're going to
go and what you're going
to find out about this decade.
It's going to blow your mind.
You're going to
have modifications
to your cell phones.
We can modify your
cell phone right now
so that that phone in your
hand that you have right there,
you're not going to have to
charge it for 10,000 years.
Go home and look up what a
nanocarbon diamond battery is,
and that's going to blow your
mind, how close we are to that.
But you're going to find
out that we have a way
to travel into space.
If we look at these sound
waves just like we were talking
about, you're going to find that
some can go faster and reveal
a type of sound wave that
can transform waveform
propagation, all right?
The future of our space
travel is going to use this.
We're going to use a sort
of resonance propulsion
system or harmonic oscillation
to take all of these properties
that we are talking about.
We're going to
take time, gravity,
and linear proportional distance
and we're going to transpose.
Them we're going to fold
them in on ourselves
to reconfigure them like
these messenger pigeons that
went such a long way.
And as we look at all
of this exciting stuff
that you're going
to be going through,
we're going to use this
technology in the next 25 years
for the first of all of
you to go out in space.
And it's going to happen a
lot quicker than you think.
We have some things that we
have to go through first.
But I promise you that
there are folks watching us
in this progress as
we go through this.
I want you to know that today.
You're not alone.
None of you sitting
in these seats are.
And just like the dinosaurs
who came before us,
they wore out their
time on their planet,
I want you to think
of this as sort
of a great zoological
experiment.
We're sort of an ant farm
for the folks up there,
and they're waiting for us.
We've got to go
through some things.
And I want you to all think
about this great light
that you carry as
we go through this.
Have you ever seen
that experiment
that Sir Isaac Newton
did when he had the prism
that the light came through it?
And when the light
came through it,
it turned into all
the rainbow colors.
Do you remember that?
Think of those rainbow colors
as all the manifestations
of this world that are
in that light, the light
that you carry, the
light of the mysteries.
All right?
So to get through
this, we really
need to be more
loving to one another.
And this isn't just
some sanctimonious thing
I'm telling you.
We really do.
We have to move
through this period.
We have to have tolerance
for one another, in fact.
We have to show kindliness.
It's very important.
You wouldn't believe the
importance when I talk
to near-death experiencers
about you walk down the street,
you smile at someone, you show
them a little bit of kindness,
you buy them a lolly
at the shop outside--
[LAUGHTER]
Have more forgiveness.
Thank you, Mick and Lindy,
for sitting through this.
Please forgive me later.
You had to listen
to all my bad jokes.
We have to be more generous, but
be generous without expecting
anything in return.
And most of all,
show more compassion
not only for each other,
but for all the creatures
on this planet that
are dwelling with us.
I promise you if
we do these things,
it's going to make
it a lot easier.
And most of all,
attempt to do no harm.
As a very wise friend
of mine and teacher--
I call him Jack
from the Outback--
he tells me that we should
attempt to do no harm.
And why is that?
Because no matter
how hard we try,
we always harm ourselves
sometimes, don't we?
And it's very easy to do.
So we can only do our best.
But we should attempt
to do that at all times.
And I promise you
if we do that, we
don't have to fear the future.
We can create it.
And with that, I hope that we
can all go on more adventures
and solve these
mysteries together.
I'm Jonny Enoch.
Thank you.
>> Whoo!
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]